[Music]
we got 31 stab wounds I was in ice pick
I just be doing this Catherine Tramell
please is she a suspect she's a suspect
I wanted to write a book about the
murder of a retired rock and roll star
yeah she does the boyfriend the nice pic
she intended the book to be our alibi I
picked him up and I had sex with him you
didn't feel anything for him you just
had sex with him for your book in the
beginning then I get to like what he did
for me you like playing games don't you
it's nice you've got no physical
evidence she's lying but you do look
about I detective who falls for the
wrong woman what happens
he won't learn anything I don't want you
to know she knew I'd say she did it and
she knew that nobody would buy it she's
just screwing with your head
she knows things about me that I only
told you does it feel to kill someone
you tell me
[Music]
Affairs what's that she manipulates
I live breathe
[Music]